README.md, before:

# data-group-service
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/findexchange/data-group-service.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/findexchange/data-group-service)
## Start service

In the project's folder run:
```
docker-compose up -d
```

Input data format
```
curl --data "data=[
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow1\", \"name\": \"Post Office Trafalgar Square\", \"town\": \"London\"},
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow2\", \"name\": \"Post Office\", \"town\": \"London\"},
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow3\", \"name\": \"Post Office\", \"town\": \"London\"}, 
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow4\", \"name\": \"Post Office\", \"town\": \"London\"},
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow5\", \"name\": \"Post Office\", \"town\": \"London\"}
                   ]" 
http://127.0.0.1:5000/api/v1.0/datasort
```
Expected output format,
if success:

```
{
    "results": [
      {
        "count": 5,
        "groupName_Id": 0,
        "rows": [
                "stringIdOfRow1",
                "stringIdOfRow2",
                "stringIdOfRow3",
                "stringIdOfRow4",
                "stringIdOfRow5"
                ],
        "tags": "post office"
      }
    ],
    "status": "success"
}

```
if error:

```
{
      "error": "string indices must be integers, not str",
      "status": "error"
}
```

Commit message:

Feature similarities clustering (#14)
* kept up with speed up and addd new testing with distance simliariteis above 0.6

* minor updates

* add clustering.py

* d

* updated with encoding

# Conflicts:
#	src/data_sort.py

* clustering

* second chagne

* debugged next is to speed up

* v1

* requirements.txt updated

* Update .travis.yml

* Update requirements.txt

* Update .travis.yml

* Update requirements.txt

* Update .travis.yml

* added path for import modules

* clustering module

* Update .travis.yml

* Update .travis.yml

* path

* Update .travis.yml

* Update .travis.yml

* Update .travis.yml

* paht

* path

* changed module name

* abspath added

* path changed

* initiallise first

* testing_module_clustring_test

* gitingore updeated

* ignore complied c

* so

* complied deleted

* modified travis

* added setup

* adde setup

* spelling error

* path for compiling

* added initialization for path

* Update .travis.yml

* Update .travis.yml

* back to original

* new setup generated

* added new gitig

* setup in root file

* updated README.md

* Update README.md

* variable names updated

* updated .gitig

* testing against pypy

* testing against pypy 5.3.1

* remove pypy

* Update flask_app.py

* added README for clustering

* Update README.md

* town encoding bug fixed

* fixed docker to run it properly

README.md, after:

# data-group-service
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/findexchange/data-group-service.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/findexchange/data-group-service)
## Start service

In the project's folder first need to compile ```clusterng.pyx```, run:
```
python setup.py build_ext -i
```
then run:
```
docker-compose up -d
```

Input data format
```
curl --data "data=[
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow1\", \"name\": \"Post Office Trafalgar Square\", \"town\": \"London\"},
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow2\", \"name\": \"Post Office\", \"town\": \"London\"},
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow3\", \"name\": \"Post Office\", \"town\": \"London\"}, 
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow4\", \"name\": \"Post Office\", \"town\": \"London\"},
                   {\"_id\": \"stringIdOfRow5\", \"name\": \"Post Office\", \"town\": \"London\"}
                   ]" 
http://127.0.0.1:5000/api/v1.0/datasort
```
Expected output format,
if success:

```
{
    "results": [
      {
        "count": 5,
        "groupName_Id": 0,
        "rows": [
                "stringIdOfRow1",
                "stringIdOfRow2",
                "stringIdOfRow3",
                "stringIdOfRow4",
                "stringIdOfRow5"
                ],
        "tags": "post office"
      }
    ],
    "status": "success"
}

```
if error:

```
{
      "error": "string indices must be integers, not str",
      "status": "error"
}
```
